Added pypika to ORM Relational Databases (#915)
vinta/awesome-python: README.md

* Relational Databases
    * [Django Models](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/db/models/) - A part of Django.
    * [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) - The Python SQL Toolkit and Object Relational Mapper.

>     * [awesome-sqlalchemy](https://github.com/dahlia/awesome-sqlalchemy)

Reviewer: Hello @twheys,
I believe you should keep an indentation here.

```suggestion
        * [awesome-sqlalchemy](https://github.com/dahlia/awesome-sqlalchemy)
```

Author: ah thanks for the feedback. overlooked this while fixing conflicts. it's fixed now.

    * [peewee](https://github.com/coleifer/peewee) - A small, expressive ORM.
    * [pony](https://github.com/ponyorm/pony/) - ORM that provides a generator-oriented interface to SQL.
    * [pydal](https://github.com/web2py/pydal/) - A pure Python Database Abstraction Layer.

>     * [pypika](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PyPika) - SQL query builder with a pythonic syntax that doesn't limit the expressiveness of SQL.

Reviewer: It's probably worth using a link to the repo on GitHub rather than link to the package on PyPI.

```suggestion
    * [pypika](https://github.com/kayak/pypika) - SQL query builder with a pythonic syntax that doesn't limit the expressiveness of SQL.
```
